---
layout: single
title:  "テストアップロード"
#date:   2018-03-15 02:23:44 +0900
categories:
---

## CouchSurfing is awesome!
[カウチサーフィンのプロフィールを引用](https://www.couchsurfing.com/people/naoki_ishigaki)

## My profile in CouchSurfing

ABOUT ME
-----
Current Situation

We're managing my home to be good for living now. 
After preparing, we will start to host CSs again.
-----

CURRENT MISSION
Enjoy everything and make a full harmony of people (and everything) until leaving from this world. I think heaven is such that a full harmonized world and It’s exist in this world, too. To bring my soul with good condition to the next world, I make it.

ABOUT ME
I like to enjoy my daily life. Getting sunlight in morning, give water to my plants, having a cup of coffee and breakfast, enjoy and do my best for smth in daytime, taste dinner, and sleep with good dream. Deal important with daily usual things, happiness is definitely in such that days. Live living with family and friends, that’s happiness.

MY REGION and PHILOSOPHY
Japanese usual region "the way of samurai".
It comes from shinto and buddhism and "Zen".
Many people don't realise it, but we usual have it.

REFERENCE
https://www.facebook.com/naoki0515ishigaki

Why I’m on Couchsurfing
I just like CouchSurfing and ...
1st : Meeting new people and Having fun time are nice.
2st: I wish my wife enjoy to meet people from overseas.

So, I'm happy if you give a good experience to my wife.
And one of my dream is visit to my couchsurfer's home in the future.

Interests
Cooking, Coffee, Plants, Outside activity, Home party ,Hangout

Live living, Live anywhere and earn min money to live and spend time with family and friends.

 culture cooking breakfast coffee partying technology buddhist
Music, Movies, and Books
Jazz (Hiromi uehara, Bill evans.. etc)
Classic(Beethoven)
Rock
Club music

The Little Prince
The shift (The Future of Work is Already Here) / Lynda Gratton

One Amazing Thing I’ve Done
I have start to feel Japanese culture's unique points.

Teach, Learn, Share
I know a Japanese industry of Information technology, Japanese Myth, Tokyo.

Countries I’ve Visited
Malaysia, Thailand

Countries I’ve Lived In
Japan
